Terms and Conditions ("Terms")
==============================

Last updated: May 16, 2019

Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions")
carefully before using the http://date.nsides.io website (the "Service")
operated by DATE API ("us", "we", or "our").

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and
compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and
others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you
disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.

ALL INFORMATION AND DATA PROVIDED ON DATE.NSIDES.IO IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES CONCERNING DATE.NSIDES.IO OR ANY OTHER MATTER WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, TITLE, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF CONDUCT OR TRADE CUSTOM OR USAGE, AND DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES. COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION THAT YOUR USE OF DATE.NSIDES.IO WILL NOT INFRINGE UPON THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR OTHER RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY. FURTHER, COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO DATE.NSIDES.IO, THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, ANY OF THE INFORMATION OR DATA CONTAINED OR REFERENCED IN THIS WEBSITE OR ANY INFORMATION OR DATA THAT IS PROVIDED THROUGH LINKED WEBSITES, OR ANY OTHER MATTER. THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY TO ALL CLAIMS AND ACTIONS OF ANY KIND AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER GROUNDS, AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER A PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT EACH WARRANTY DISCLAIMER, EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES OR OTHER LIMITATION OF LIABILITY HEREIN IS INTENDED TO BE SEVERABLE AND INDEPENDENT OF THE OTHER CLAUSES OR SENTENCES BECAUSE THEY EACH REPRESENT SEPARATE ELEMENTS OF RISK ALLOCATION BETWEEN THE PARTIES.

Links To Other Web Sites
------------------------

Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are
not owned or controlled by DATE API.

DATE API has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content,
privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You
further acknowledge and agree that DATE API shall not be responsible or
liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be
caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods
or services available on or through any such web sites or services.

We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies
of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.

Termination
-----------

We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior
notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation
if you breach the Terms.

All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination
shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership
provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

Governing Law
-------------

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of New
York, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be
considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held
to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these
Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement
between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior
agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.

Changes
-------

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms
at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days
notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material
change will be determined at our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become
effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to
the new terms, please stop using the Service.

Contact Us
----------

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.

